-: Welcome back.
As part of this section,
we are going to create AWS network load balancers
using Kubernetes service
on EKS cluster.
So earlier, as part of Ingress,
when we are learning with application load balancer
ALB Ingress,
we already installed the AWS load balancer controller.
The same load balancer controller
will be able to also create the AWS network load balancer
whenever we use the Kubernetes object of type service.
So using that, we are going to create six demos
and understand AWS network load balancer
using Kubernetes service, which means
we are going to declaratively write the configuration
in Kubernetes k8s yaml manifest
and create the AWS network load balancer-related use cases.
So to start with, we are going to do, in the Demo 1,
we are going to understand and implement NLB basics,
which means all the important annotations
related to NLB basics, we are going to write it
and understand them from the Kubernetes service perspective.
And then we'll move on to the next demo,
which is NLB TLS SSL,
which means we are going to implement SSL
for our network load balancer from Kubernetes service.
From there, we'll move on
and also implement the NLB
and then external DNS.
So, how we have implemented the external DNS use case
in application load balancer?
Same way, we will also update the annotations
related to external DNS in Kubernetes service
and ensure that NLB DNS also successfully registers
using external DNS in Route 53.
And we'll also implement NLB
and then elastic IP as Demo 4.
And as part of Demo 5,
we'll also implement internal network load balancer.
And we are also going to test that with the curl pod.
And as part of Demo 6,
we'll also implement network load balancer
sending the traffic to the ports
running on the Fargate infrastructure,
which is a serverless infrastructure from AWS perspective.
So all these demos we are going to implement step by step.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye-bye. Thank you.